---
published: true
date: 2025-10-21
title: "21 October: Hope Beyond Conflict: A Conversation with Dr Rula Hardal of
  A Land for All"
---
With the (hopefully) approaching end of the war and the return of hostages, many are experiencing a moment of relief. But we know this is only a first step. The deeper goal: a just, comprehensive peace agreement, and true safety, freedom, and equality for all - is still ahead of us.

OxMEND Society is honoured to host Dr Rula Hardal, Co-Executive Director of [A Land for All](https://www.2s1h.org/en), to share her vision and work toward peace in the region.

🗓️ Tuesday, 21 October

🕢 19:30 (refreshments from 19:15)

📍New College, Oxford (exact location will be sent to registered participants)

Register [here](https://forms.gle/AjhBeRqzVmnWjb949)! Everyone is welcome!

A Land for All is a joint Israeli-Palestinian political initiative rooted in the lived reality of both peoples. Founded by those who experience the conflict not through headlines but through daily life, the movement dares to imagine a different future - one grounded in dignity, equality, and belonging for everyone.

The initiative offers a clear, practical, and implementable proposal:

Two sovereign states, Israel and Palestine, in one shared homeland.

This confederal model is based on international law, local needs, and hard-earned lessons from decades of failed negotiations. It envisions two sovereign states coexisting side by side, guided by shared principles of equality, freedom, and mutual recognition.

A Land for All was born from dialogue — a series of conversations between Israeli journalist Meron Rappaport and Palestinian activist Awni Al-Mashni, who chose to imagine a political future beyond endless cycles of violence.

We invite you to join us for a unique opportunity to hear from Dr Rula Hardal, about her personal journey, her vision for peace and stability, and the urgent actions taking place in these critical days.